{\rtf1\ansi\deff3\adeflang1025
{\fonttbl{\f0\froman\fprq2\fcharset0 Times New Roman;}{\f1\froman\fprq2\fcharset2 Symbol;}{\f2\fswiss\fprq2\fcharset0 Arial;}{\f3\fswiss\fprq0\fcharset0 Calibri;}{\f4\fnil\fprq2\fcharset0 Microsoft YaHei;}{\f5\fnil\fprq2\fcharset0 Arial;}{\f6\fswiss\fprq0\fcharset128 Arial;}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red128\green128\blue128;}
{\stylesheet{\s0\snext0\nowidctlpar{\*\hyphen2\hyphlead2\hyphtrail2\hyphmax0}\cf0\hich\af3\langfe1033\dbch\af3\afs24\lang1033\loch\f3\fs24\lang1033 Default;}
{\s15\sbasedon0\snext16\sb240\sa120\keepn\hich\af4\dbch\af5\afs28\loch\f2\fs28 Heading;}
{\s16\sbasedon0\snext16\sb0\sa120 Text body;}
{\s17\sbasedon16\snext17\sb0\sa120\dbch\af6 List;}
{\s18\sbasedon0\snext18\sb120\sa120\noline\i\dbch\af6\afs24\ai\fs24 Caption;}
{\s19\sbasedon0\snext19\noline\dbch\af6 Index;}
}{\info{\creatim\yr0\mo0\dy0\hr0\min0}{\revtim\yr0\mo0\dy0\hr0\min0}{\printim\yr0\mo0\dy0\hr0\min0}{\comment OpenOffice}{\vern4110}}\deftab720\deftab720\deftab720\deftab720\deftab720\deftab720\deftab720\deftab720\deftab720\deftab720\deftab720\deftab720\deftab720\deftab720\deftab720\deftab720\deftab720\deftab720\deftab720\deftab720

{\*\pgdsctbl
{\pgdsc0\pgdscuse195\pgwsxn12240\pghsxn15840\marglsxn1800\margrsxn1800\margtsxn1440\margbsxn1440\pgdscnxt0 Default;}}
\formshade{\*\pgdscno0}\paperh15840\paperw12240\margl1800\margr1800\margt1440\margb1440\sectd\sbknone\sectunlocked1\pgndec\pgwsxn12240\pghsxn15840\marglsxn1800\margrsxn1800\margtsxn1440\margbsxn1440\ftnbj\ftnstart1\ftnrstcont\ftnnar\aenddoc\aftnrstcont\aftnstart1\aftnnrlc
\pgndec\pard\plain \s0\nowidctlpar{\*\hyphen2\hyphlead2\hyphtrail2\hyphmax0}\cf0\hich\af3\langfe1033\dbch\af3\afs24\lang1033\loch\f3\fs24\lang1033\sl276\slmult1\sb0\sa200{\afs24\rtlch \ltrch\loch\fs24\lang9
When Julie walked into her office that morning, she was exhausted. She was tired of seeing so much brokeness in the world. The scenes from last night's raid kept playing over and over in her mind. Young girls dressed in minimum clothing laying on the floor or dirty mattresses. The smell of human waste and body odor was overpowering. But the thing that was the worst for Julie, was the expression on each girl's face. A mix of fright or relief would have been easy to deal with. No, the expression on each girl's face was dead. They just stared. No emotion, no life. What horrible things had they gone through that they could not even show emotion? They had just given up on life. Even a bunch of armed cops bursting into their room did not phase them. They had given up on hope. Shouldn't they have been happy to be rescued? Did they believe that their nightmare was over? }
\par \pard\plain \s0\nowidctlpar{\*\hyphen2\hyphlead2\hyphtrail2\hyphmax0}\cf0\hich\af3\langfe1033\dbch\af3\afs24\lang1033\loch\f3\fs24\lang1033\sl276\slmult1\sb0\sa200{\afs24\rtlch \ltrch\loch\fs24\lang9
Julie's eyes began to tear and her face grew hot as she answere that question herself. She knew that for many of these girls, the nightmare simply was not over. They could have diseases for the rest of their lives. Their families might not want them back. These girls would never know complete peace; they would always be looking over their shoulders waiting for their captors to find them. As far as Julie knew, there was no way to help these girls. Should she just pretend that they would be fine without help? No, she was not that naive. She knew that if there was no one else to help the girls, she would be the one to step up to do it. The statistics on how many of these girls end their own lives because they could not cope, was staggering.  She cared too much about their lives, and of the thousands of others in the same situation. }
\par \pard\plain \s0\nowidctlpar{\*\hyphen2\hyphlead2\hyphtrail2\hyphmax0}\cf0\hich\af3\langfe1033\dbch\af3\afs24\lang1033\loch\f3\fs24\lang1033\sl276\slmult1\sb0\sa200{\afs24\rtlch \ltrch\loch\fs24\lang9
She began writing down her thoughts and the things that she knew could help the girls. They would need rehabilitative help. They would need counseling. They would need a safe place to live during this transition. Julie kept writing as fast as she could, her pen not keeping up with her thoughts. Her handwriting was getting so sloppy, she hoped she could re read it later. But she had to get it down, while it was still fresh on her mind. }
\par \pard\plain \s0\nowidctlpar{\*\hyphen2\hyphlead2\hyphtrail2\hyphmax0}\cf0\hich\af3\langfe1033\dbch\af3\afs24\lang1033\loch\f3\fs24\lang1033\sl276\slmult1\sb0\sa200{\afs24\rtlch \ltrch\loch\fs24\lang9
Just as Julie was about to run out of space on her notepad, there was a knock on her door. Julie looked up to see her assistant, Annie, poking her head around the office door. }
\par \pard\plain \s0\nowidctlpar{\*\hyphen2\hyphlead2\hyphtrail2\hyphmax0}\cf0\hich\af3\langfe1033\dbch\af3\afs24\lang1033\loch\f3\fs24\lang1033\sl276\slmult1\sb0\sa200{\afs24\rtlch \ltrch\loch\fs24\lang9
"Miss Davis, someone is here to see ya. Remember my cousin Lauren who I told ya about? Well, she's here." }
\par \pard\plain \s0\nowidctlpar{\*\hyphen2\hyphlead2\hyphtrail2\hyphmax0}\cf0\hich\af3\langfe1033\dbch\af3\afs24\lang1033\loch\f3\fs24\lang1033\sl276\slmult1\sb0\sa200{\afs24\rtlch \ltrch\loch\fs24\lang9
"OK, Annie, she can come in. Thank you."}
\par \pard\plain \s0\nowidctlpar{\*\hyphen2\hyphlead2\hyphtrail2\hyphmax0}\cf0\hich\af3\langfe1033\dbch\af3\afs24\lang1033\loch\f3\fs24\lang1033\sl276\slmult1\sb0\sa200{\afs24\rtlch \ltrch\loch\fs24\lang9
Annie disappeared for a moment before coming back into the room with a young woman who looked to be in her early twenties. Her eyes, however, made her soul look like a tired, worn, older woman. Her hair was up in a messy bun, she wore no make up. Her clothes were too baggy on her boney frame. She tried her best to smile and be confident, but her voice was as shaky as the hand she stuck out to introduce herself to Julie. }
\par \pard\plain \s0\nowidctlpar{\*\hyphen2\hyphlead2\hyphtrail2\hyphmax0}\cf0\hich\af3\langfe1033\dbch\af3\afs24\lang1033\loch\f3\fs24\lang1033\sl276\slmult1\sb0\sa200{\afs24\rtlch \ltrch\loch\fs24\lang9
"H-hi, Miss Davis. My name is Lauren Baker. My cousin here told me that you might be able to help me."}
\par \pard\plain \s0\nowidctlpar{\*\hyphen2\hyphlead2\hyphtrail2\hyphmax0}\cf0\hich\af3\langfe1033\dbch\af3\afs24\lang1033\loch\f3\fs24\lang1033\sl276\slmult1\sb0\sa200{\afs24\rtlch \ltrch\fs24\lang9
\'93}{\afs24\rtlch \ltrch\loch\fs24\lang9
Hello Lauren, it's nice to finally meet you.\'94 said Julie with a warm smile. She gestured toward a chair near her desk for Lauren to sit on. \'93Annie told me a little about your situation, but I would like to hear it from you too, if you don't mind. Please, start from the very beginning.\'94}
\par \pard\plain \s0\nowidctlpar{\*\hyphen2\hyphlead2\hyphtrail2\hyphmax0}\cf0\hich\af3\langfe1033\dbch\af3\afs24\lang1033\loch\f3\fs24\lang1033\sl276\slmult1\sb0\sa200{\afs24\rtlch \ltrch\loch\fs24\lang9
Lauren was hesitant at first. This was the first time she had talked about Jesse in years. It was hard enough having to talk about how she lost Cody, but Jesse's death too? She wasn't sure she could do it. But, she knew she had to, no matter how painful it was going to be. }
\par \pard\plain \s0\nowidctlpar{\*\hyphen2\hyphlead2\hyphtrail2\hyphmax0}\cf0\hich\af3\langfe1033\dbch\af3\afs24\lang1033\loch\f3\fs24\lang1033\sl276\slmult1\sb0\sa200{\afs24\rtlch \ltrch\loch\fs24\lang9
}
\par \pard\plain \s0\nowidctlpar{\*\hyphen2\hyphlead2\hyphtrail2\hyphmax0}\cf0\hich\af3\langfe1033\dbch\af3\afs24\lang1033\loch\f3\fs24\lang1033\sl276\slmult1\sb0\sa200{\afs24\rtlch \ltrch\loch\fs24\lang9
}
\par \pard\plain \s0\nowidctlpar{\*\hyphen2\hyphlead2\hyphtrail2\hyphmax0}\cf0\hich\af3\langfe1033\dbch\af3\afs24\lang1033\loch\f3\fs24\lang1033\sl276\slmult1\sb0\sa200{\afs24\rtlch \ltrch\loch\fs24\lang9
****Julie starts to write down her ideas. Meets Lauren. Goes on a non-date with John and expresses her ideas. He falls in love with her more but she is clueless. }
\par \pard\plain \s0\nowidctlpar{\*\hyphen2\hyphlead2\hyphtrail2\hyphmax0}\cf0\hich\af3\langfe1033\dbch\af3\afs24\lang1033\loch\f3\fs24\lang1033\sl276\slmult1\sb0\sa200{\afs24\rtlch \ltrch\loch\fs24\lang9
Lauren's eyes look "old" at first, but at the end of the story, they have their sparkle back that Jesse fell in love with. }
\par \pard\plain \s0\nowidctlpar{\*\hyphen2\hyphlead2\hyphtrail2\hyphmax0}\cf0\hich\af3\langfe1033\dbch\af3\afs24\lang1033\loch\f3\fs24\lang1033\sl276\slmult1\sb0\sa200{\afs24\rtlch \ltrch\loch\fs24\lang9
Questions to answer: }
\par \pard\plain \s0\nowidctlpar{\*\hyphen2\hyphlead2\hyphtrail2\hyphmax0}\cf0\hich\af3\langfe1033\dbch\af3\afs24\lang1033\loch\f3\fs24\lang1033\sl276\slmult1\sb0\sa200{\afs24\rtlch \ltrch\loch\fs24\lang9
Where is the story set? Chicago area}
\par \pard\plain \s0\nowidctlpar{\*\hyphen2\hyphlead2\hyphtrail2\hyphmax0}\cf0\hich\af3\langfe1033\dbch\af3\afs24\lang1033\loch\f3\fs24\lang1033\sl276\slmult1\sb0\sa200{\afs24\rtlch \ltrch\loch\fs24\lang9
What the frick does Julie do? - lawyer/case worker for human trafficked victims and their care.}
\par \pard\plain \s0\nowidctlpar{\*\hyphen2\hyphlead2\hyphtrail2\hyphmax0}\cf0\hich\af3\langfe1033\dbch\af3\afs24\lang1033\loch\f3\fs24\lang1033\sl276\slmult1\sb0\sa200{\afs24\rtlch \ltrch\loch\fs24\lang9
Why does Lauren need help again? -She wants to get Cody back, but has to prove she is ready. She goes to Julie to get stable. Once she gets stable, she can have Julie represent her in court for change of custody. }
\par \pard\plain \s0\nowidctlpar{\*\hyphen2\hyphlead2\hyphtrail2\hyphmax0}\cf0\hich\af3\langfe1033\dbch\af3\afs24\lang1033\loch\f3\fs24\lang1033\sl276\slmult1\sb0\sa200{\afs24\rtlch \ltrch\loch\fs24\lang9
Who has Cody and how does Lauren get him back? - Lauren's parents have him until she can turn her life around. It's temporary. Lauren's dad meets with her to make the arrangements. }{\b\afs24\ab\rtlch \ltrch\loch\fs24\lang9
Make it emotional. }
\par \pard\plain \s0\nowidctlpar{\*\hyphen2\hyphlead2\hyphtrail2\hyphmax0}\cf0\hich\af3\langfe1033\dbch\af3\afs24\lang1033\loch\f3\fs24\lang1033\sl276\slmult1\sb0\sa200{\afs24\rtlch \ltrch\loch\fs24\lang9
}
\par \pard\plain \s0\nowidctlpar{\*\hyphen2\hyphlead2\hyphtrail2\hyphmax0}\cf0\hich\af3\langfe1033\dbch\af3\afs24\lang1033\loch\f3\fs24\lang1033\sl276\slmult1\sb0\sa200{\afs24\rtlch \ltrch\loch\fs24\lang9
TO DO: OUTLINE, you crazy person!!!!! }
\par \pard\plain \s0\nowidctlpar{\*\hyphen2\hyphlead2\hyphtrail2\hyphmax0}\cf0\hich\af3\langfe1033\dbch\af3\afs24\lang1033\loch\f3\fs24\lang1033\sl276\slmult1\sb0\sa200{\afs24\rtlch \ltrch\loch\fs24\lang9
}
\par }